how's it going guys zac Cox here and in
today's grand theft auto 5 video I'm
gonna be showing you guys how to install
a custom 100% save game file into grand
theft auto 5 on the PC of course now if
I do help you out and you guys do go on
to enjoy the video definitely be sure to
leave a like rating down below that will
be awesome as well as I definitely
recommend you to subscribe for some more
awesome daily Grand Theft Auto 5 videos
and without further ado let's go ahead
and get started with the video so what
you're gonna need to do first off is go
to the link in the descriptions just
gonna be right there below my Twitter
and Instagram if you guys want to follow
me on there feel free to do so as well
shameless self-promotion but go ahead
and download this link to any desired
location on your PC and once you have
that done you just need to open up your
documents go to the Documents folder of
course you're going to see a folder
titled Rockstar Games go ahead and open
that up go to Grand Theft Auto 5 for GTA
5 and then from there go to the profiles
tab or the folder and just simply drag
and drop or copy and paste the safe game
that you downloaded into this folder and
you're going to be good to go so after
you do that go ahead and launch Grand
Theft Auto 5 and once you have GTA 5
open it should automatically load you in
to this hundred percent saved game that
you downloaded and this is going to give
you access to everything in the game
from vehicles to all the vehicles all
the weapons in the game you're going to
have billions of dollars I think like
two billion dollars for each character
so you're you have more than enough
money to essentially buy any vehicle in
the game you want pimp it out customize
it do whatever you want with it as well
as you're going to have access of course
to all the different missions in the
games or in the game all the strangers
and freaks all the UFOs around the map
because of course the game is at 100%
completion so you guys have exclusive
access to everything in the game and the
reason for these hundred percent
savegame files is I've played and beat
GTA 5 on the Xbox 360 the Xbox one and
now the PC and/or the PC version has
come and I really don't feel like
playing through it all the way again I
just don't have the time that I had
before two years ago but this helps out
greatly especially with getting
gameplays if you got a YouTube channel
and different things like that so
hopefully you guys did enjoy this short
sweet and to the point to Tori
on how to download and install a 100%
save game file to Grand Theft Auto 5 and
this one's a bit easier than the one for
GTA 4 was I remember being a bit
different a little bit challenging and
trickier but hopefully you guys did
enjoy of course if you did definitely be
sure to leave a like rating down below
subscribe if you are new to the channel
for some more awesome daily Grand Theft
Auto 5 content check out my Instagram
and Twitter pages those links are down
below in the description and with all
that said now the way I believe that's
just about it you guys all take it easy
have a safe one and I will see you all
in the next video